README.md, before:

This is a CLI tool to automate the release process of multiple software.  
A set of instructions is associated with each software, which the release process provides to execute
in order.
## Usage
Whenever paths are required, paths with an ending slash (or backward slash for Windows) will be considered as directories, or as files without one.
### Adding a software
The first step is saving a software so instructions can be associated with it.
```
releaser add-software --name <software_name> --root <root_path> --dest <dest_path>
```
### Adding a release instruction
Instructions declare how releases should be managed.  
```
releaser add-instruction --name <instruction_name> --software <software_name>
```
Based on the implementation, all the required arguments will be asked immediately afterwards via
the standard input. The available instructions are:
- `copy`: copies a file or a directory to the specified destination path
- `zip`: compresses only directories to the specified destination path
All instruction arguments can contain placeholders: specifically, the following ones are available:
- `${name}`
- `${root_path}`
- `${dest_path}`
- `${version}`, specified during release

All placeholders are replaced with the actual values of the software which the instructions belong
to at runtime.
### Listing all software
To list all the saved software, along all their details and release instructions, use:
```
releaser list
```
### Releasing
To execute the release process of a software, the following command is used:
```
releaser release --software <software_name> --version <version_string>
```
### Example
```
releaser add-software --name my_software --root /home/ciro23/my_software/ --dest /home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/
```
```
releaser add-instruction --software my_software --name copy
--------------------------------------------
Available placeholders:
- ${name} => 'my_software'
- ${root_path} => '/home/ciro23/my_software/'
- ${dest_path} => '/home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/'
- ${version} => the specified version during release
--------------------------------------------

Enter the source path:
${root_path}build/

Enter the destination path:
${dest_path}
```
```
releaser add-instruction --software my_software --name zip
--------------------------------------------
Available placeholders:
- ${name} => 'my_software'
- ${root_path} => '/home/ciro23/my_software/'
- ${dest_path} => '/home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/'
- ${version} => the specified version during release
--------------------------------------------

Enter the source path:
${root_path}build/

Enter the destination path:
${dest_path}${name}.zip
```
```
releaser list
```
```
releaser release --software my_software --version 1.0.0
```
## Building from source
Generated classes are built using
```
dart run build_runner build
```
or
```
dart run build_runner watch
```
for continuous build after each change.

Commit message:

add delete command and fix line sep

README.md, after:

This is a CLI tool to manage the release process of multiple software.  
A set of instructions is associated with each software, which the release process provides to execute in order.
## Usage
Whenever paths are required, paths with an ending slash (or backward slash for Windows) will be considered as directories, or as files without one.  
All data is stored inside CSV files in the directory `.releaser` inside user home.
### Adding a software
The first step is saving a software so instructions can be associated with it.
```
releaser add-software --name <software_name> --root <root_path> --dest <dest_path>
```
### Adding a release instruction
Instructions declare how releases should be managed.  
```
releaser add-instruction --name <instruction_name> --software <software_name>
```
Based on the implementation, all the required arguments will be asked immediately afterwards via
the standard input. The available instructions are:
- `copy`: copies a file or a directory to the specified destination path
- `zip`: compresses only directories to the specified destination path
All instruction arguments can contain placeholders: specifically, the following ones are available:
- `${name}`
- `${root_path}`
- `${dest_path}`
- `${version}`, specified during release

All placeholders are replaced with the actual values of the software which the instructions belong
to at runtime during the release process.
### Listing all software
To list all the saved software, along all their details and release instructions, use:
```
releaser list
```
### Releasing
To execute the release process of a software, the following command is used:
```
releaser release --software <software_name> --version <version_string>
```
### Deleting a software
This is pretty straight forward and also deletes all related instructions.
```
releaser delete-software <software_name>
```
### Example
```
releaser add-software --name my_software --root /home/ciro23/my_software/ --dest /home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/
```
```
releaser add-instruction --software my_software --name copy
--------------------------------------------
Available placeholders:
- ${name} => 'my_software'
- ${root_path} => '/home/ciro23/my_software/'
- ${dest_path} => '/home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/'
- ${version} => the specified version during release
--------------------------------------------

Enter the source path:
${root_path}build/

Enter the destination path:
${dest_path}
```
```
releaser add-instruction --software my_software --name zip
--------------------------------------------
Available placeholders:
- ${name} => 'my_software'
- ${root_path} => '/home/ciro23/my_software/'
- ${dest_path} => '/home/ciro23/released_builds/{version}/'
- ${version} => the specified version during release
--------------------------------------------

Enter the source path:
${root_path}build/

Enter the destination path:
${dest_path}${name}.zip
```
```
releaser list
```
```
releaser release --software my_software --version 1.0.0
```
## Unsupported actions
1. Instructions cannot be modified, except directly through CSV files where they're stored.
2. Instructions are executed in the order they've been added, and it's not possible to update their order.
## Building from source
Generated classes are built using
```
dart run build_runner build
```
or
```
dart run build_runner watch
```
for continuous build after each change.
